feat(telemetry): add a possibility to override the project name (#2181)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@o3r/telemetry/README.md

https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/blob/main/docs/telemetry/PRIVACY_NOTICE.md

## Additional information

> By default, the project name send will be the name of the package. It can be override by providing `config.o3rProjectName` in the `package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the project name sent will be the name of the package. It can be overridden by providing `config.o3rProjectName` in the `package.json`.
```
